hi in this video I'll be showing you how
you can use the skeleton animation tool
and our templates so first you want to
estimate the skeleton so you get the
pose then in this case I'm just going to
edit a bit just to make sure the uh
length of the arms are the same and then
I'm going to select the template I want
to use which is running in this case and
then uh click insert skeleton
H make sure that your camera view and
direction is the same as your character
then you're ready to go if you can't
find a camera view that fits your
character uh don't worry uh just insert
the one that fits the best and then you
can do edits by hand afterwards or you
can just try and see how well it
works here uh I'm happy with my first
generation so I don't need to do a
retry but in your case you might need to
or you might need to change some
settings or move the uh the pose a bit
just to make it fit your character
better you can also try in painting or
init images I'm just going to check
here uh what is the arm and what is uh
the elbow Etc just because it a bit hard
to see so what I did there I was I used
the edit tool and I click on the point
and then I can see in the UI uh the name
of the point
here I'm just copy pasting the head from
my original character the reason for
this is the template doesn't perfectly
match the angle my character is so the U
generated character is facing a bit
upward with her face so I think it looks
better if I just copy paste over the
original
face and to generate the last four
frames I'm just going to position myself
at the sixth frame and then click
generate I'm pretty happy with the three
of the frames so what I will do is I
will
first fix them and then once I'm happy
with them I'm going
to uh generate the sixth frame again but
this time I'm going to start two frames
before and have one frame behind which
means that the model will be able to
take inspiration from the first and
second and fourth frame to generate the
third frame
all right I'm done with the editing now
I'm just going to position myself uh so
the sixth frame is in the middle and
then click generate this will let the
model CD frames before and after to
create a better
generation and here I'm just going to
fix the coloring a bit and then uh I'm
done I hope you enjoy the video and uh
leave a like or comment if you have any
questions and I will see you next time